Stop talking nonsense there
alarmist
If there was any retribution, it would have come long ago
Not good miss
Take our Bai family's medicinal material warehouse
It all caught fire and exploded
The enemies of the family were almost completely destroyed
Pardon me?
Not this time.
I'm sending someone to investigate.
fine
The number one layer-breaking mediator who investigated the century-old medicinal materials
I'm directing now.
Hello what did you say
My royal family has all the rights in the battle
Jobs have been cancelled
It was done by other hunters who sent the execution together
Family is bad
Beijing situation change
The four-nation coalition 800,000 large police
Our 30,000 soldiers are stationed at the border
lust to resist
But still because of the betrayal of the inner ghost
It's almost the end of the army
Pardon me?
This is the most important middle force of my Ye family
Have a small number of people
I'll take people out immediately
Earth fountain
The enemy is attacking again
What should I do, daughter?
Xiao Ming Ye's army can't fall
The four countries joined forces to crush the blue
What the hell is going on here?
Mother, don't worry.
I will stand up for the war against Ben Gaotian Temple
It drives me crazy.
Kirin fracture
Is this the retribution brought by the bamboo forest?
I said karma.
The time has come
None of your eight families can escape